terrible policies will kill your
business let's see
how this is Neil
Patel helping you succeed through online
marketing we are going to talk about how
terrible policies will kill your
business so this episode was inspired by
an experience that I had and typically I
don't like to name names but I think
it's helpful to give examples here so
basically I had signed up for a travel
company um basically like it they give
you kind of deals on flights and all
that right so I I saw a charge come
through like I paid for the first year I
paid $99 or so and I saw another charge
that came through for $99 but to be
honest I I didn't use the product for
the the year so I'm like okay if I paid
for the first year like that that's on
me right but they charged me again and I
was like Hey guys like I haven't used a
product you can you can look at my usage
like I haven't used it can you just
refund me the money let me just ask you
Neil should I typically get the money
back or not you should and if they won't
then you should do a charge back yep
which which I mean so this this company
uh dollar Flight Club so that we go back
and forth with them and they're like
yeah you know as a matter of policy we
can't do it but you know we we' like to
give you um access for you know the next
year or whatever I'm like but you just
took my money wow if they keep doing
stuff like this it's just going to hurt
their brand and in the long run it's
going to cause less growth so it's just
like do you want to pay charges $99 to
have a bad experience and then badmouth
you to others like even if they're wrong
and it's not that much money like when
small amounts like 99 bucks 10 bucks 50
bucks whatever it is you should just
refund people even if they ended up
using it that's at least My Philosophy
because those kind of policies really
hurt your Revenue in the long run people
make mistakes but like at least they own
up to it and that's what's important
because you're never going to get your
product or service 100% right out the
gate I totally agree with you on that
one it's kind of crazy to think about
and how people go about you know with
their internal philosophies and uh what
did they say uh Pennywise pound pound
foolish right they're just trying to
make a quick buck and they're not
thinking long term and you know if you
look at Warren Buffett in his annual
letters I remember years and years ago
he wrote uh if you had the decision to
do something that helps you gain
short-term Revenue but can hurt your
brand don't do it protect the brand in
the long run do what's best for you know
the brand versus just taking short-term
uh gains now if you have any questions
leave a comment below I'm here to answer
them and help you out if you enjoyed the
video like it share tell the people
about
thank you very much